Q - What happens when we import a module ( when we do require('..file path ..))

A - Nodejs gives out code to v8 engine and our code is executed by v8 engine.
    We cannot the variables and functions which are declared inside a function, outside of it. Modules work the same way.

    When we create a module(file) and write code inside of it, everything within a module is wrapped inside a function and it cannot be accessed outside of it by default. We can access the code present inside a module in another module by exporting it but not elsewise.
    We can access it outsidde by doing module.exports in commonjs module system or by export ...... in ES Module (mjs) system.
    The main reason we cannot access the code inside of a module is because it is wrapped inside of a function and it's scope is within it only

    So when we do require('..file path ..).
    Nodejs creats an IIFE and wraps the entire content of the module within the function. (function() {...content of module whose path iiis given in require()}) ()
    Nodejs will take the content of module, wrap the content in an IIFE and then handover it to v8 for execution.

    Benefits if IIFE: 
    a - It immediately invokes it
    b - It keeps the variable and functions safely within its scope, independently from the code outside of the IIFE(imported module) in the module(the module in which i is imported) it is imported.

Q - How are variables and functions private in different modules? 
A - Because of IIFE and require


Q - How do we get ccess to module.exports, where does it come from?
A - When the code(content of the module) is wrapped inside the IIFE, the function is having module as the parameter and we get it from there. So when the IIFE in invoked the module object is passed as argument with exporsts ky as an empty object
    These parameters to the IIFE is given by Nodejs. Nodjs passes as one of the parameter to the IIFE that wraps the module, and then it passes the code to v8 engine
    The module.exports object is returned when we do require any file.

    (function (module, require) {
        // code of the module
    }) (module); 


There are 5 steps when we do require();

1 - Resolving the module
        The file could be ./locsl path(js or ts file), node module, json file

2 - Loading the Module
        The file content is loaded according to file type

3 - Wraps the module inside an IIFE (cmpile step)

4 - Code evaluation
        In this step the module.exports is returned

5 - Caching (Caching is required because multiple files are required by multiple other files and doing all  the above 4 steps each time for the same time is very expensive (high resource cnsumptions happens), so when the next time this aprticular module is required it is returned from the cache itself as it is already executed previously )